# Multiagent-Based Defensive Strategy System for Military Simulation

VLE is an operational framework for multi-modeling, simulation and analysis of complex dynamical systems. NetLogo is a programming language and integrated development environment (IDE) for agent-based modeling. RCE is a distributed, workflow-based integration environment. Adversarial Machine Learning Library (AML). Optuna is an automatic hyperparameter optimization software framework. RoboRTS is an open source software stack for Real-Time Strategy research. Delta3D is a simulation engine for building military training system. The Advanced Framework for Simulation, Integration, and Modeling (AFSIM) is a military simulation framework. The CLARITY project consists in developing and structuring an ecosystem of major actors centered on the open-source model-based systems engineering solution. The OARIS specification facilitates information exchange between the external environment and the command team, by defining a layered subsystem to the CMS interface. United Architecture Framework (UAF). Command and Control Simulation Interoperation (C2SIM). PlanMilT is a web application designed to assist in the planning of military operations at the tactical level. ODIN aims to become an alternative to industry-led commercial Command and Control Information Systems. C Model Developer CMD is an open-source C source code based environment for building simulations of systems described by time-based differential equations. Boomslang is a C2 simulator that provides an open-source tool to simulate new C2 doctrines and exercises. Protocol for composing Distributed DEVS Models Across different Simulation Frameworks. The ARL Hierarchical MultiScale Framework (ARL-HMS) is a software library for development of multiscale models on heterogeneous high-performance computing systems. OpenMAS streamlines asynchronous Multi-Agent System (MAS). Apache Fory is a blazingly-fast multi-language serialization framework. JADE Java Agent DEvelopment platform

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

